[applause]
Welcome to the "Dance Moms
Christmas Special."
'Twas the night before Christmas.
It's perfectly clear, the
Abby Lee Dance Company
has nothing to fear.
Do you have a naughty or nice list?
Oh, yes.
Let's open it! Nia?
Oh, my God. Thank you.
JEFF COLLINS: We have
our amazing dancers here
from the Abby Lee Dance Company,
and Santa's been spotted.
[yelling]
DANCE MOM: Oh, my God.
JILL VERTES: She's the ugly stepsister.
Sooner or later, she's going
to end up with egg on her face.
Don't you think?
- How dare you!
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
(SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
[festive music]
So switch the blue--
DANCER: (SINGING) Oh, Christmas tree.
Ladies! What are you doing?
Decorating.
Straighten that star out!
Take that blue ball!
Move it 2 inches to the left!
- Right here.
- Girls, stop.
Don't touch the tree.
Just go get ready to dance, please?
[applause]
Bye, girls.
Hi, and welcome to the
"Dance Moms Christmas Special."
I'm executive producer Jeff Collins.
We have our amazing dancers
here from the Abby Lee Dance
Company, and they're
going to be performing
throughout the night.
We'll also have a
special guest performance
by the incredibly talented--
Coco Jones is here.
And Santa's been spotted
on a radar 45 minutes away.
But before he gets here,
the "Dance Moms" are going to pay a visit,
and we'll also get to meet a few
of the dance dads.
But first, let's kick off our special
with our own dance diva,
Miss Abby Lee Miller.
Merry Christmas, Abby.
Marry Christmas to you, Jeff.
- Good to see you.
I'm thrilled to be here.
We're going to bring out the "Dance Moms"
here in just a moment.
But first, Abby, I want to
ask you, what does Christmas
mean to you?
Christmas means two weeks
off from the dance studio.
JEFF COLLINS: [laughs]
OK--
No moms, no kids, no complaining.
JEFF COLLINS: It wouldn't be Christmas
with somebody not complaining.
I should say, it wouldn't
be a "Dance Moms" Christmas
without someone complaining.
Right. But Christmas really
is my time to kind of destress.
Now one of the things that we did to make
you feel special is we put photographs
all around the set of your family.
So take us back.
What was it like in your house
when you were a little girl?
Christmas morning for
me was my mom, my dad,
and opening all my
gifts, being so excited,
wanting to play, and then my mother,
being the devout Catholic that she is,
saying, nope, we have to go to mass.
I'm embarrassed as an adult to say this,
but I think I screamed and cried
and kicked and had a little bit
of a tantrum, because all the
other kids in the neighborhood
were playing with their toys.
So Abby Lee Miller had a tantrum.
So basically nothing's changed?
No.
So before we get to our moms,
I want to ask about your mom.
How's she doing?
She is still kicking.
JEFF COLLINS: Yeah?
- Yes.
Well, listen, our
prayers are with you both.
- Thank you.
- We hope you have a very--
- Thank you
- --Merry Christmas.
I suspect you're going
to be in Pittsburgh?
- We are in Pittsburgh.
- Right.
She's at home now.
And we hopefully will
have a fabulous holiday.
Well, good.
So did your mom have a
naughty or nice list?
No, no.
Do you?
Oh, yes.
JEFF COLLINS: I thought so.
I have a big naughty list and maybe--
A little, tiny nice list?
Let's take the moms.
No--
How are the lists
dividing up between who's
on the naughty and nice list?
- --the moms are so rude.
They are conniving, they are cutthroat,
and they're teaching
that to their children.
Not even one of them on the nice list?
Mm, not really, no.
JEFF COLLINS: Wow.
They think that I'm the meanie.
Well, you know what?
I bought them all gifts this Christmas.
JEFF COLLINS: Wow.
I was very thoughtful.
I was courteous.
And I was giving and kind.
Well, you know, they say Christmas
is a time for forgiveness.
So it sounds like you're in
the forgiving-- not so fast?
- No, Jeff. I think you're pushing it.
- Not so fast?
I don't think there's forgiveness at all.
I remember everything.
Well, I think this is really going to be
an interesting gift-giving session.
I can't wait to see what you thought up.
Just give me one little
hint about each mom
and why she's on the naughty list.
Well, you know, you have Christi,
whose mouth is out of control.
You have Melissa, who's naughty
all the time, inappropriately,
in front of the kids.
Then you have, you know, Kelly showing up
drunk at the dance studio.
You can't do that.
And then you have Holly,
who does not
want to believe that Nia's feet can't be
fixed by reading a textbook.
And then you have Jill,
who still has crying Kendall.
You look at the kid
sideways, and the kid cries.
So all the mothers,
they're just bad mothers.
JEFF COLLINS: That
certainly gives us a hint.
I can't wait to see these
gifts that you've brought.
So let's get the moms out here.
Ladies, come on out.
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, my God.
Aw, thank you.
That's why I didn't want to wear red.
- Hello.
Hello.
Hello, ladies.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I like the red.
JEFF COLLINS: Hello, hello, hello.
JILL VERTES: Oh, comfy.
All right. The first thing I want
to know is does everybody
celebrate Christmas,
because we don't know.
So yes, yes, yes?
- Yes.
- Absolutely.
- Okay, fantastic.
So let's get to Abby's gifts.
She brought gifts for all of you
that she picked out especially.
Wow.
I am giving.
I am kind. When I give someone a gift--
- Wow.
- --I like them to use it.
The joy is in the giving.
Well, that's--
JEFF COLLINS: So these are--
--why I always gave
you a tray of cookies--
ABBY LEE MILLER: Because you--
- --because you love cookies.
I know.
All right. Well, Abby, I'm excited,
and I want to see what you got.
So why don't you take it away?
[claps] Santa's little helper!
[music playing] (SINGING)
Fa, la, la, la, la.
HOLLY FRASIER: Oh, he
comes with a soundtrack.
[cheering]
Oh.
Thank you.
All right, come here.
We want kisses.
Mwah.
Thank you. Bye!
WOMEN: Bye!
Bye, little elf.
All right.
So let's get this party started.
Oh, let's go first with Kelly.
- Kelly first.
- Oh, gosh.
You should save--
ABBY LEE MILLER: Kelly--
--save the best for last.
Kelly, this is for your home, not the
dance studio, all right?
Whoa!
Oh, I like-- oh, this is me!
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: [laughs]
HOLLY FRASIER: Oh, no!
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: [inaudible].
JEFF COLLINS: You put
those in the beer cans.
Woo-hoo!
For-- oh, my God.
Abby--
JEFF COLLINS: Bottles of tequila keep.
You have known me since I was two.
I don't drink tequila.
Well, I thought you were
moving onto the hard stuff.
It's rhinestone.
Look at the front.
I saw. It says--
JEFF COLLINS: Kelly.
- --Kelly on it.
Aw, you put a rhinestone on it.
Oh, so it has her name on it.
Oh, that's great.
- All right, good sports.
- Cute.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Well, you know what?
- Thank you.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: This will--
- All right, Abby, who's next?
Jill.
Yay!
Your lips are going to
be so big, you're not going
to be able to open your mouth.
Oh, just what I always wanted!
Oh, my God.
Shut up!
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, I got you syringes.
Are these clean?
ABBY LEE MILLER: We can do it at home.
Thank you very much.
I only got tequila, and
I don't even like tequila.
All that stuff?
- Enjoy.
JILL VERTES: Thank you.
- And share.
JILL VERTES: I will share.
So Abby, let's go to Holly's present next.
I know that Dr. Holly wants to start off
this season on the right foot.
JEFF COLLINS: Okay.
What is it?
JEFF COLLINS: Holly has that face.
Oh--
HOLLY FRASIER: Shoes.
They're orthopedic.
- They're very expensive orthopedic shoes.
- And you know what?
I will wear these when you're
tap dancing on my last nerve.
ABBY LEE MILLER: There you go.
HOLLY FRASIER: You do it all the time.
Thank you.
What's wrong with Holly's feet,
for the people that don't know?
What is that you don't
like about Holly's--
- They're big. She has--
- I'm 6 feet tall.
ABBY LEE MILLER: She has bunions.
JEFF COLLINS: She's very tall.
Okay, because I'm 6 feet, I guess?
And, you know, she has
a really cute husband.
I don't know what he thought
when he looked at those feet.
- 'Cause I have all of this.
- I thought Evan was just wrong.
'Cause she's got it all going on.
HOLLY FRASIER: All of this.
KELLY HYLAND: All of that, girl.
- All of this. He's very happy.
- Oh, my God.
- So, Christi--
- All right, let's see.
Your husband keeps
telling us, they come home
with bags, bags full of money.
And I'm like, well, I don't want
them going through the airport
with a brown paper bag.
- Oh--
- Something bedazzled--
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
--Christi's cash.
JEFF COLLINS: Christi's cash box.
Abby, I should give this to
you, because you have more cash
than all of us.
I think Abby makes more money than anyone.
KELLY HYLAND: Yeah.
JEFF COLLINS: She does?
Oh, with all of her appearances and her
masterclasses and her meet
and greets-- you know,
Maddie's birthday party,
I do believe Abby charged money
for people to come in and meet Maddie--
- Not Abby!
- --for her birthday party.
Maddie's friends weren't
invited to the party, I guess,
because we didn't buy tickets.
- Oh!
It went all to the
food bank, all that money
that Maddie made on her birthday party.
- Melissa?
- Okay.
[gasps] JILL VERTES: Aw.
MELISSA GISONI: Oh, I love it, Abby.
Oh, boy.
JEFF COLLINS: Oh, my.
Woo.
Oh!
- Is this to get husband number 4?
- No.
I don't wear a medium.
I wear a small, but that's okay.
[gasps]
And this is a gift certificate
for a $1 million matchmaker?
I really have a million dollar man.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Wait, I don't understand.
MELISSA GISONI: I don't understand that.
What's the matchmaker gift for, Abby?
She always teases me.
- Well, you know, if she's going to take--
MELISSA GISONI: Look, I told her--
--her kids and move to
LA and do this and do that,
she's going to need another man.
She's giving to need a wealthier one.
Oh, no.
Greg's going to retire in
3 years, so he'll follow.
Come on.
What's your record here?
So there you have it, Abby's
version of holiday cheer.
Coming up, Maddie's going
to perform a Christmas solo,
and then Cathy comes to the party.
I can see you're all happy about that.
But first, here's the
Abby Lee Dance Company
performing "Christmas Morning."
[applause]
[MUSIC - JARED GUTSTADT
AND JEFFREY PETERS,
"THE HOLIDAYS ARE HERE"]
(SINGING) Oh, the holidays are here,
the return of Christmas cheer.
The lights are shining
bright all over town.
You can feel it in the air,
the joy that's everywhere,
when decorations sparkle all around.
Tell everyone--
Everyone.
--the holidays are here.
Holidays are here.
Tell everyone--
Everyone.
--the holidays are here.
Holidays are here.
The holidays are finally here again.
Holidays are finally here again.
Santa's singing,
the holidays are here.
[applause]
For Christmas, I want my braces off.
But I just got them on, so that probably
won't happen for a while.
(SINGING) All I want for
Christmas is my braces off.
Here's Maddie performing a
solo called "A Dancer is Born."
[applause]
[MUSIC - MAXAYN LEWIS, "LIFE BEGINS"]
(SINGING) A life begins
inside your heart--
a glow that shines brighter
than any star.
When life is born
and springs from love,
a blessing is given
from heaven above--
a flower that blooms with a sun,
a child that someday will run,
or climbing up a tree,
chasing after dreams,
running after what we believe.
A gift that grows
inside of your heart.
[applause]
All right.
That was Abby's star pupil, Maddie,
performing a spectacular solo.
So Abby, you know, you and the moms,
you may have your disputes now and again.
But you guys have spent
so much time together,
and you've been with each other,
some of these moms, for so long.
You guys really are like
a family, aren't you?
Yes, like a dysfunctional family.
[interposing voices]
That's it.
Everyone always says,
do the moms get along?
And I said yes.
I said, I think that
what people don't realize
is that we really are like sisters.
We really are.
You don't always like your sister,
but you always love them at
the end of the day, you know?
- And--
- But do you stab your sister in the back?
[gasping]
So when we're talking about sisters, Abby,
which sister was Christi in the family?
If you want to get
beat with a wire hanger--
- Oh, okay.
- --she would be the mom.
JEFF COLLINS: Oh, OK.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: No, I'm
pretty sure that's you, not me.
So she's "Mommy Dearest"?
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Yeah, okay.
JEFF COLLINS: She's the "Mommy Dearest"?
All right, that's me.
I think there's a sister that
we haven't seen in a while,
and that's Cathy.
She's the ugly stepsister, Cathy.
No "Dance Mom" family would
be complete without Cathy.
Come on.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes.
KELLY HYLAND: It could be!
- Yes.
It would all be very complete without her.
Cathy's gotten a lot of
criticism from all of you
over the years.
So Christi, who do you
think is the bigger Scrooge?
- Oh--
- Cathy or Abby?
I don't know. I think Abby and Cathy
are both kind of on par,
because I think that both of their hearts
could grow a few sizes.
- A few sizes?
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Yeah.
Melissa, what do you think?
Oh, I think Cathy, absolutely.
Well, look, I think we
should bring her out and hear
from her ourselves.
- Wow.
Let's bring out Cathy to join the party.
Please welcome Abby's
toughest rival, Cathy.
[applause]
[upbeat music]
All right.
Hello.
She's carry a present.
- Merry Christmas.
- How are you?
Merry Christmas.
Cathy came bearing a gift.
- I did.
JEFF COLLINS: Is this for Abby?
It is.
- This is a gift for you, Abby.
- Hi.
I'll keep it for later.
Should we-- I think we
should open it right away.
It's not ticking, is it?
It is ticking, actually.
I've never seen it in my life.
HOLLY FRASIER: A pressure cooker?
You haven't been near a kitchen,
but I know what that is.
- Oh, it's for poached eggs?
KELLY HYLAND: Oh, it's a poaching set.
[yells]
All right. Well, some brunch when
we do Eggs Benedict--
Cathy, why would you buy
Abby a poa-- an egg poacher?
Well, you know, all last season,
I was criticized
while I was putting together
a fabulous team
and giving kids all over the countryside
opportunities.
What opportunity?
So now I hear that there's
all these auditions that are
happening, poaching students.
So I figured that that
would be perfect for her.
And sooner or later, she's going to end up
with egg on her face. Don't you think?
AUDIENCE: Oh!
Now, Cathy, you were backstage
when Abby was giving out
all her gifts to the moms, and you must--
- Yes.
- --have been listening.
So what did you think about all the gifts
that Abby had to give out to all her moms?
Oh, my gosh.
I was mortified-- how mean.
Why do you moms take those type of gifts?
They were horrible.
If you were at Candy
Apples representing us,
you would have had Chanel tennis shoes--
good for track, good for running and
getting away from wicked people.
Kelly, I thought of the
perfect gift for you
that I would have gotten you.
It would have been a
lovely embroidered hankie
because, obviously,
I was provoked by Abby.
You're always crying.
- I know.
Yeah, and your soggy eyeballs
are really nerve-racking.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
You know what I would get you?
I would get you a one-way ticket to LA
so that you wouldn't
come back, because I'm
really tired of seeing
Maddie front and center.
Because all of the other
girls are pushed to the back.
- Yeah.
JEFF COLLINS: Mm.
- Oh, Cathy, I can't wait.
- Christi--
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: You're like a little--
- Do you know what I would get you?
--Christmas spirit. What?
I would get you a get
out of jail free card.
Oh, I actually would take that.
[laughs] [claps]
And, Jill--
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: 'Cause you never know.
--I probably wouldn't buy Jill a gift.
I don't like-- I don't like Jill.
She knows it.
- She knows it.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: That's very Christmas--
Cathy, you don't have this kind
of contentious relationship
with the moms at your studio?
- Oh, my, no, no.
JEFF COLLINS: No?
What moms at her studio?
They're from everybody else's studio.
It just blows my mind.
I mean, let's face it.
You guys have a winning team.
Yet here she sits,
and she threatens all of you
that she's going to replace you.
Well, you might have to deal with it.
Yet she-- I'm not done
talking, and you're rude.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes, you are.
- No, I'm not.
Yet she--
- Cathy, you might have to do--
- Yet she wants--
- --that on your team--
- --to replace you guys.
- I don't have to do that.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Well--
- I am trying to train dancers.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Abby--
Go outside, walk up the
street, hit a Broadway show,
and see if your name's in the playbill.
Kelly--
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maybe
I have a new studio opening.
--she's trying to replace Brooke.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maybe
I'm doing another show.
- Why would she be doing that?
ABBY LEE MILLER: There's lots of things!
Why would she be trying to replace Brooke?
She talks about Christmas spirit.
You want to know who
the biggest Scrooge is?
She's sitting in the throne,
and it's not because she's a queen.
There's other thrones.
It is true, Abby.
I mean, you're trying to replace
a team that wins for you.
And the girls on your team,
with the exception of Kendall,
have been there since they were babies.
So stand behind your work.
Did you ever think that I
want your child, in particular,
to be challenged, all of
the kids to be challenged?
You say all the time
you want the girls to win.
They deliver wins.
What more do you want?
I want them to be the
best they can be, Christi.
That's not going out
and getting a new kid.
That's helping these kids
be the best they can be.
Well, I have a question.
Your team wins.
What is it that you want?
I want them to be the best they can be.
Okay, but obviously they are.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I don't want--
Or are you saying that your--
ABBY LEE MILLER: --the
costume and the headpiece
to make them win.
Or are you saying that your
teams are given the wins?
- How dare you!
- Oh, I know. How dare me.
- How dare you--
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Oh, why?
- Because--
- --insinuate--
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Why?
Because I'm putting something--
- --that I cheat or the competition--
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: --on the line?
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: How--
- Oh, honey.
- Oh, you just the crossed the line!
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: How--
Well, that won't be the first time, honey.
And I don't have my purse out here either.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yeah.
- Well, one thing's for sure.
It wouldn't be a "Dance Moms" Christmas
without a little confrontation.
Well, Cathy, I know you have
a big surprise for us coming
up later.
- I do.
JEFF COLLINS: Tell me what you brought.
Well, you know, we have lots
of seniors at our studio.
And so I brought some
seniors to entertain.
Yes?
And they're going to do
a little Christmas piece.
And they've had a lot of fun doing it.
They're so excited to be here.
And, you know, I have
such a great senior team.
I understand that you
have a smaller senior team
now that it's kind of dwindled.
Want to tell me about that?
Well, a lot of the kids graduate.
We had six graduates last year.
- Oh, yeah.
Well, graduates always happen,
but you have to replenish.
Well, I think my senior
team is in "Newsies" and--
Oh, you have one person on Broadway.
--"Bigfish" and "Wicked."
No, I have three.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Yeah.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Never heard of them?
- All right.
Well, it sounds like the
rivalry is continuing.
We're going to find out if
Cathy's senior team lives up
to Abby's standards in just a moment.
And then for the first time ever, you're
going to hear from some of our dance dads.
Don't forget, Santa's on his
way to the studio with presents
for all our kids.
[applause]
My worst Christmas memory
is trying to put an ornament
on the Christmas tree.
And I was, of course, standing
on the back of a chair.
And it flipped over, and
I cracked my head open
and spent Christmas Eve in the hospital.
You like our Christmas breakfast.
Yes, only when I make it.
No, honey.
I make it.
But you're not really a good cook.
[festive music]
Really?
Honey, this is supposed
to be nice for Christmas.
Please--
[applause]
Here they are, the much talked
about Candy Apple senior troupe
performing "Holla for the Holidays."
[applause]
[MUSIC - WIZARDZ OF OZ, "HOLLA
FOR THE HOLIDAYS"]
(SINGING) Snow on the ground.
Yeah, it's cold outside,
so let's turn it up.
Let's turn it up.
I won't stay inside 'cause
tonight the club is burning up.
Is burning up.
I hear the sound of jingle bells.
Call my friends on my
jingle cell, 'cause tonight
we're going to dance
till our feet give up.
Everybody out there, raise your
hands in the air and holla.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
All the lovers and friends,
we're together again, so holla.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
Let's end this year with peaceful cheer
and with togetherness.
Waited all year long, want to
get your party on and holla.
For the holidays.
Holla for the holidays.
Holla for the, holla for the holidays.
Stoke up the fire.
Play those old records louder.
Yeah, turn them up.
The party is here.
Pull me closer, my dear,
'cause I'm burning up.
'Cause I'm burning up.
I hear the sound of jingle bells.
Call my friends on my
jingle cell, 'cause tonight
we're going to dance
till our feet give up.
Everybody out there, raise your
hands in the air and holla.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
All the lovers and friends,
we're together again.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
[applause]
Wow.
They definitely did a great job.
Congratulations, Cathy.
Thank you.
Very nice, very nice.
Well, now that we're all
in the Christmas mood--
Yeah. [laughs]
--Abby has a little something special
that she's prepared for us.
I understand that you have
written your own version
of "'Twas the Night Before Christmas."
And I, for one, can't wait to hear it.
I've been known to change
the words to quite a few songs.
- Here and there.
- Yes.
[music - "the first noel"]
'Twas the night before Christmas.
It's perfectly clear,
the Abby Lee Dance Company
has nothing to fear.
This poser, pretender,
and hick that we've seen
can try all she wants,
but I'll always be queen.
AUDIENCE: Oh.
Their moms are obnoxious,
greedy, and drunk,
but my dancers are champions
from ballet to crunk.
They outclass all others
and reign through the land.
The name Abby Lee means
something quite grand.
Cathy, since we met, you've
been jealous of me, my girls,
my show, and my choreography.
[laughter]
It's hard to believe that
we were once friends.
You lie, and you cheat.
And, honey, your time has come to an end.
AUDIENCE: Oh, my God!
It's a miracle you've
gotten as far as you've gotten
'cause deep down inside,
you're an apple that's rotten.
[applause]
Did that warm your heart?
That warmed the cockles of my heart.
As far as the lying and cheating,
you need to be a little bit more specific.
But--
- Lying about children's ages.
But I think that the
only thing that was truly
said that was real was that it's funny
that we were friends at one time.
Hey, I have something.
It's a little poem that I'd like to read--
You brought your own version, Cathy?
--for you. Yes, of course.
I'm so surprised.
I'm like a Boy Scout. I'm always prepared.
Oh, look. It's like Mrs. Claus.
That's right.
It is like Mrs. Claus.
Aw.
Oh, Abby, you're delusional,
lost, and at sea.
Your girls are amazing,
but you'll never be anything more
than a washed-up old lady
manufacturing stories
and saying you hate me.
Yes, you're the diva
of unparalleled bling.
Sparkle on track suits
is totally your thing.
But who cares about rhinestones?
It's talent that counts.
And when push comes to
shove, you haven't an ounce.
That's good, Cathy, I think.
Oh, I so won that.
Come on.
All right, ladies.
Well, that was definitely very creative,
but I have a little surprise for you.
Christi has prepared her version
on behalf of the "Dance Moms."
Christi, are you ready?
[applause]
[festive music]
Merry Christmas, ladies.
It's so good to be here.
Don't worry about me.
You have nothing to fear.
Seeing that it's Christmas,
I want to share my big wish
of things Santa should give you,
so I made up a list.
To Abby, I wish you success
and nothing but peace.
May your wins finally go up.
May your embroidered Abby Lee Dance
Company shirt size decrease.
May Santa bring you a man
to take one for the team,
so your ass settles down
and you stop being so mean.
To Cathy, I hope Candy
Apples turn things around.
I don't think it's quite possible
you could go further down.
[laughs]
So may Santa bring you
a competitive advantage
and hope you correct all
the things you mismanage.
To both of you, I wish
a very happy holiday.
And may Santa Claus bless you
in every possible way.
See, it is Christmas.
It is Christmas.
Now, Holly, wasn't that nice?
Warm and fuzzy.
[applause]
[festive music]
I like the music.
I love the presents.
I love hanging out with my family.
And, you know, I love
the decorations, too.
It's just happy and a day whenever there's
no screams or yells, you know.
Well, if tonight is any
indication of Christmas,
we know that it can either
bring people closer together
or sometimes push them further apart.
But I want to know, in
terms of the dance dads,
what should their role be when they
have a daughter who's in Abby Lee?
Whether or not they like the dancing,
it's what their children like.
It's what their kids have
decided to do with their lives.
No Christmas is complete
about the entire family.
So right now, I want to
bring out the dance dads,
because I want to hear from them.
So dads--
[festive music]
How are you? I'm Jeff.
- Hi, Jeff. Erno.
- Hi, Erno. How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
- Have a seat.
- Hi.
- Hey, how are you?
- Good too meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Yeah, for sure. Nice to see you.
EVAN FRASIER: Evan.
- Hey.
Let's do some quick introductions.
With us, we have Evan, who is
Holly's husband, dad to Nia,
and we have Erno, who's Jill's
husband and Kendall's father.
Welcome, gentlemen.
So Erno, it's great that you
were able to take some time
and be with your family here
in Manhattan for the holidays.
I'm so glad that you guys invited us.
How is it being a dance dad?
It's tough.
I don't have my wife and my youngest
daughter around very much.
When you watch Kendall, is there anything
that you don't like--
- Yes.
JEFF COLLINS: --about the way-- what?
Yeah, it's really hard to watch the show
when your daughter is crying.
AUDIENCE: Aw.
So Evan, how about you?
How do you feel?
It has been a really
amazing experience for Nia.
I have seen the way she
has grown over the years.
There's some tough moments in there.
But, you know, to see her
thriving, it's really amazing.
But how do you feel about Abby?
Do you have any constructive criticism?
[laughs]
She's a little tough love at times.
There's no question about it.
And so there are some times
I want to reach through the TV,
but, overall, it's been a
tremendous experience for Nia.
And for me, that's the
most important thing.
Abby, isn't it nice to have some of
the dads here join us for the holidays?
Yes. But I find it odd that there's
seven kids on the team,
and I have two dads here.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
I just feel that the
dads should take, you know,
an interest in it, even
if they don't care.
Pretend.
Like Christi's husband--
I think the last time
I saw Chloe's dad was when he came
in for a meeting in my studio
with Christi to find out
why Maddie got more privates.
And then he really
didn't want to be there.
He could have cared less.
You're rude to him. So--
I'm not rude to him at all.
He hasn't built a prop.
He hasn't done anything--
- You've never asked, Abby.
- --at the studio.
He's never b--
I shouldn't have to ask.
He should offer.
Oh, he should just know by
osmosis that you need, like--
ABBY LEE MILLER: No.
- --a sled built?
He should come and
say, hey, my kid won this
or my kid won that.
Is there anything you need done, Abby?
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Well--
- Can I help out in any way?
--you know what?
My husband's involved in other ways.
ABBY LEE MILLER: He has seen other dads.
That's--
ABBY LEE MILLER: He's seen
dads that say prop dads
on their backs. He's been to competitions.
- You've never had a--
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh!
--dad with a t-shirt that said prop dad.
- You're making that up.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes, we did. Yes, we did.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Okay,
maybe before Chloe danced
- at your studio--
ABBY LEE MILLER: Correct.
--but certainly not
during my tenure there.
He hasn't seen them at
all the other competitions?
Because you don't have fathers that wear
shirts that say prop dad.
Has anyone ever seen that?
Thank you.
No. Usually they wear suits
and come and say, hello--
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: And my husband--
- --how are you?
--wears a suit and tie every day of his
life to work. Thank you.
So tell me what prop what he built again.
He doesn't need to build a prop.
He's supportive of his children at home.
Well, maybe it would be nice
for Chloe to come out on stage
and have her daddy there.
- Her daddy is there at times--
- I've never--
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: --when
her daddy can be there.
--ever seen him.
Because he makes sure everything at home
is perfectly okay
so Chloe can do the things
that she wants to do, because
her mother is with her.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
All right. Well, thank you so much, Erno
and Evan, for coming today.
Happy holidays to you guys.
I hope you get some time
to spend with your families
over the Christmas holidays.
All right, it's time for our
very special guest performance.
Actor and recording
artist Coco Jones is here
to sing "Good To Be Home."
[cheering]
[MUSIC - COCO JONES, "GOOD TO BE HOME"]
(SINGING) Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
With reverence, I enter into
this holy place, a home that's
like no other, full of
mercy, love, and grace.
I know it's been a long time.
I've never felt that far, 'cause
you were always on my mind,
and you were always in my heart.
It's so good to be home, where I know
that I belong, inside this house of love
with a family so strong.
And I'm here to worship
and pour out my offering.
In the presence of his
love, I'm never alone.
It's so good to be--
Home, home.
--home, yeah.
Home, sweet home.
So good to be home.
Home, home.
Yeah.
Home, sweet home.
I know I'm always welcome
into these open arms.
When all of us are gathered,
it shines a light into the dark.
This home is where my
heart is, and it's always
been that way, because
you're forever by my side,
and now I know I'm here to stay.
So good to be home.
Where I know that I belong,
inside this house of love
with a family so strong.
And I'm here to worship
and pour out my offering.
In the presence of his love,
I'm never alone.
It's so good to be--
Home, home.
--home.
Home, sweet home.
So good to be home.
Home, home.
Yeah.
Home, sweet home.
[applause]
The amazing Coco Jones just performed.
And now it's that moment, the
one we've all been waiting for.
As far as I'm concerned,
it's not Christmas
until these kids get a whole
bunch of presents, right?
Well, let's get them out here.
Girls, come on out.
[festive music]
Come on.
Are you guys ready to get some loot?
ALL: Yes.
You are?
I just got word that Santa had a last
minute emergency, and he couldn't make it.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
ALL: Aw.
But he sent a helper.
Santa's helper looks familiar--
very nice, very nice.
It's been an amazing year for all of us,
with plenty of ups and downs.
And now it's time to celebrate
the holidays with Christmas
gifts for all the kids.
Christmas, for me, is about giving.
I receive joy in giving to others.
So I am excited. Let's go. Let's go.
All right.
So girls, go hang out over there.
And we're going to call you one
at a time.
Don't peak!
Who's up first?
What's in this box?
- Nia is up first.
- Nia.
So here, come stand right here.
Now everyone knows that Nia is too sweet.
And this summer, when
we were in California,
Nia baked me a cake.
She made this beautiful cake.
It was fabulous. We loved it.
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
- Let's open it!
- So should we open the present?
[festive music]
Nia, $2,000 worth of baking equipment!
- Oh, my God!
DANCER: Woo!
[cheering]
- Yes?
- Thank you so much.
You're welcome, Nia!
Next is Kendall.
Come on over.
So Kendall, come stand right here.
Kendall, you've got the look.
You were the cover of the magazine,
and I know that you love to play dress up.
Let's open the gift!
Oh, my God.
$2,000 worth of the
best makeup money can buy.
[cheering]
Thank you so much.
I love it.
ABBY LEE MILLER: All right.
JEFF COLLINS: All right.
Thank you.
Next, we have Brooke.
Come on over.
Come on, Brooke.
Are you excited?
Yes.
I want to give you something
that's going to help make
your dreams come true.
Ready?
JEFF COLLINS: Should we open it?
Here we go!
A home recording studio!
[applause]
All right, the biggest gift
on the stage is for Paige.
- What do you think?
- Pretty big.
JEFF COLLINS: It's a big box, right?
- It's taller than me.
Now, Paige, you're a beautiful girl.
I've always told you that.
And if I was young again
and I looked like you,
I would just have you
help me open this gift.
- Come on.
JEFF COLLINS: Help us out.
Are you ready? And go!
[applause]
Thank you.
- What is that?
- You're welcome, sweetheart.
JEFF COLLINS: Tell us what it is.
This is a vanity with mirrors all around.
- Thank you.
JEFF COLLINS: Thank you.
Our next gift is for Chloe.
Come on over here, Chloe.
JEFF COLLINS: Come on, Chloe.
Chloe, you're a lovely dancer.
Thank you.
But I know that you also
like to exercise your mind.
So without further ado--
Jeff-- this is my favorite
collection of books,
electric reader, and--
are you ready for this--
a lifetime gift certificate of books.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome, Chloe!
[applause]
Next is going to be Maddie.
Come on over, Maddie.
Come on, Maddie!
- Have you been naughty or nice?
- Nice.
JEFF COLLINS: Nice?
All right, she's been nice.
Maddie, I know how you love to tap.
Yeah.
And I truly believe that you will dance
for the rest of your life.
Yes.
That's why Capezio has made
custom-made tap boots for you.
- Oh, my God. Thank you.
JEFF COLLINS: Wow!
ABBY LEE MILLER: You're welcome.
Look at those.
Those are amazing.
And Capezio has awarded you
with a $5,000 shopping spree.
Wow, listen to that.
That's amazing, Maddie.
Are you excited?
- Thank you.
Yes.
JEFF COLLINS: Can we get to
see you tap in those shoes
next year?
- Yes.
All right.
That's really an amazing gift, Abby.
- That's it!
JEFF COLLINS: Thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: A round of applause!
Thank you.
Hold on a second now.
You got to have some for Mackenzie.
What do you got up your sleeve?
We'll do it nice.
- Mackenzie, come on over here.
JEFF COLLINS: Come on out here!
JEFF COLLINS: Come here.
Sit on this stool.
Have a seat right here, and Abby
is going to see what she can rustle up
for you for Christmas.
I'll be right back.
You don't think Abby
would have forgotten you
for Christmas, do you?
I don't know.
Come on now.
Do you guys think Abby would
have forgotten Mackenzie
for Christmas?
- No.
AUDIENCE: No.
- No!
Are you ready for your Christmas present?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Here you go!
JEFF COLLINS: So hold it in your lap.
- This is it.
JEFF COLLINS: Hold it in your lap.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Open it up.
JEFF COLLINS: Open it up.
[gasps]
AUDIENCE: Aw.
JEFF COLLINS: What did you get?
[applause]
Thank you so much.
JEFF COLLINS: What did you get, Mackenzie?
[laughs]
All right.
That's amazing.
Are you excited?
Come on, girls.
Look how cute she is,
and she's really tiny.
- I love her.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh--
- She's really tiny--
- Oh, she's afraid to let go of her dog.
- Hi, baby.
- Hi.
- Can I hold her?
- Yes.
- Come over here. Come over here.
- Oh, my God.
- Hold on, let someone hold it.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come look.
All right. It looks like there's a new
member of the Abby Lee Dance
Company family.
- I'm so excited.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, good.
JEFF COLLINS: You're so excited?
AUDIENCE: Aw.
I made her cry in a good way!
[applause]
All right.
Christmas is a time for forgiveness.
It's time to put everything
behind us, even if it's just
for a few minutes, and celebrate.
So let's get the dads
and the moms out here.
[applause]
- Thank you, Abby.
- Welcomes.
You're welcome.
JILL VERTES: That was very nice.
Come on out.
From all of us at the "Dance Moms" family,
we want to thank you all
for being here tonight.
From all of us, we want
to wish you a healthy
and a happy holiday season.
Merry Christmas.
Thank you so much for watching.
[applause]
Thank you!
[cheering]
[festive music]